Document git-submodule pkg manager support (#314)
release-engineering/cachito: README.md

The table below shows the supported package managers and their support level in Cachito.

> Feature                 | gomod | npm | pip | git-submodule |

Reviewer: Not sure if we should include `git-submodule` here, it's not really a full-featured package manager, more like a secondary thing that would usually be used in combination with other package managers.

IMO we could just include the relevant info in the `### git-submodule` section below

Author: I thought a lot about this as well. The only reason I ended up choosing this approach was to make sure, each possible value for `pkg_managers` is part of the table as in to give an overview, hence I also put a `+` there to explain the specifics of it but the other part of me agrees with you. So, I'll just remove it

---                     | ---   | --- | --- |               |
Baseline                | ✓     | ✓   | ✓   | ✓⁺            |
Content Manifest        | ✓     | ✓   | ✓   | ✓             |
Dependency Replacements | ✓     | x   | x   | x             |
Dev Dependencies        | ✓     | ✓   | ✓   | x             |
External Dependencies   | N/A   | ✓   | ✓   | N/A           |

> Multiple Paths          | x     | ✓   | ✓   | x             |

Reviewer: We do support multiple paths in the sense that if the repo contains multiple submodules, we will fetch them all. It is just not configurable. Even if we do drop `git-submodule` from this table, it might be worth mentioning elsewhere.

not expect. For more details, see the [Cachito pip documentation](docs/pip.md).

[nexus-docs]: https://help.sonatype.com/repomanager3

### git-submodule

> Cachito will produce a bundle that is downloadable at `/api/v1/requests/<id>/download`. This

Reviewer: Could we have a sort of introductory first paragraph like we do for the other package managers? It could explain what git-submodule does and mention the fact that submodules are fetched *before* any of the other package managers are processed.

Or you could just reword this paragraph slightly, it currently does not feel like a "1st paragraph"

Author: Okay I agree.I had a few lines as an introductory paragraph in my draft but felt like it is only repeating stuff but I"ll try to do that.

bundle will contain the application source code in the `app` directory. When `git-submodule`
is passed as a `pkg_managers` argument for any Cachito request, the available git submodules
within the requested repo will also become available as part of the downloadable bundle. If the
repo contains multiple submodules, we will fetch them all. Although, recursion is not supported
and hence only one level of submodules will be fetched.

If a path to a specific git submodule is provided as part of the `packages` configuration,
we would fetch the submodule and then process it as a regular package.

```bash
{
  "repo": "https://github.com/namespace/repo",
  "ref": "abcdef...",
  "pkg_managers": ["git-submodule", "pip"],
  "packages": {
    "pip": [
      {"path": "cool_python_submodule"}
    ]
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: Would it be possible to provide a real example instead? Maybe you could link one of the repos you used for testing or create a new one (keep in mind that subpaths for gomod packages are currently not supported).

Author: What would be benefit from providing a real repo example? IMO, if I were user, I'd rather like the current example which clearly mentions the components of url too. e.g. namespace, repo

I could maybe update the request to look like, `"repo": "https://github.com/<repo-namespace>/<repo>.git"`

wdyt?

Reviewer: What I had in mind was to use a real value for "repo" and "ref", so a user could actually go to the repo and see what's in it, or maybe a developer could submit the request locally and see how it works.

But IDK how valuable it would be, I personally don't need it, I'm trying to put myself in the shoes of someone who does not already know how it works :D

is passed as a `pkg_managers` argument for any Cachito request, the available git submodules
within the requested repo will also become available as part of the downloadable bundle. If the
repo contains multiple submodules, Cachito will fetch them all. Although, recursion is not supported
and hence only one level of submodules will be fetched.

The git submodules information will be included in the Cachito API request response at the
`/api/v1/requests/<id>` endpoint as packages with the `git-submodule` type.

Finally, the packages information will be used to compose Content Manifests shipped at the
`/api/v1/requests/<id>/content-manifest` API endpoint.

Examples:

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" http://localhost:8080/api/v1/requests \
-d '{
      "repo": "https://github.com/nirzari/retrodep.git",
      "ref": "18002daac67f82f1a0f3b1f41beb3469f23116ea",
      "pkg_managers": ["gomod", "git-submodule"]
    }'
```

In the above case, submodules `tour` and `go-github` within specified `retrodep` repo are fetched
as part of the downloadable bundle. They would also be available as packages for Cachito API request

> repsonse. Furhter, they become part of the Content Manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
response. Further, they become part of the Content Manifest.
```

Author: Aaaghhh. I need to type slower or focus more on right-left hand coordination :/ Thanks for catching these.
